We are now able to sign up for a new account and when we do so, we get back that JSON web token, which
means everything is looking pretty good.
Well, almost as usual.
Still, one or two very small things I want to point out when we do this request to sign up.
Notice how we are sending back our complete user model.
There's a couple of issues with this response right now.
Sending back the user model is not the worst thing in the world during that signup request, because
it's going to allow whoever made this request to see, well, our definition of this person.
So we can confirm, say the email was signed up with correctly.
Maybe there's the ID that we want to use immediately.
There's definitely some information inside of here that we want to make use of.
However, there are other properties that definitely should not be in here.
So, for example, obviously the password should not be included in the response.
In addition, there's this other flag or other property of underscore underscore V that's tied to mongoose,
and it's something it's actually going to be relevant later on inside the course.
But right now, we're just going to say that we really don't want to have that property inside this
response.
So we definitely want to make sure that we remove password and underscore underscore V.
Now, normally that would be a very simple thing to do, but well, there is a reason I'm making this
into a longer discussion.
So let me tell you what this reason is or what the kind of issue here is.
All right.
So as usual, remember, we've got our service orders and payments.
And even though we are building all this stuff out using Node and Express, it is entirely possible.
If you ever start to really build out a microservices application that your different services will
have different implementations.
So Ruby on Rails, Java, Spring, whatever else.
In addition to having different code or languages inside these each of these services, they also might
have their own different databases, different databases to suit different needs for each service.
So right now on our service we are making use of MongoDB, but you might be working on a service at
some point in the future for the same exact project that instead uses MySQL or another one that uses
Postgres.
So is there anything that's going to come up as we start to look at using these different databases,
any big issues, perhaps?
Well, there definitely is.
I want you to consider a very simple little funny thing.
So we are making use of MongoDB.
Mongo has some very interesting semantics around the ID field.
MongoDB internally records the ID as underscore ID.
And you can even see that with the response we got back inside a post man.
We've got underscore ID right here that is the idea this record.
MongoDB is the only database out of these three at least.
Perhaps there are others out there.
I don't want to say the only database in the world, but out of these three it's the only database that
uses those semantics reflecting the ID as underscore ID.
My SQL follows a more typical standard of simply ID.
Same thing with PostgreSQL as well.
So why is this relevant?
Well, it all goes back to our front end application.
Remember, we spent a huge amount of time earlier on inside this course dealing with making sure that
we always had very consistent error messages going back to whoever makes requests.
We need to make sure that the exact same is true as much as possible whenever we attempt to fetch normal
data as well.
So if I make a request to my all service orders or payments asking for just one record or trying to
sign up to order create a payment, whatever it is I would expect on my front end to always get consistent
looking responses.
And that means that rather than having underscore ID right here, which is very atypical in general,
really, we want to have simply ID.
And that's pretty much it.
That's what I'm making this big deal around.
We don't want to have these semantics that are very specific to MongoDB being exposed on our front end.
Instead, we want to have very consistent responses.
No matter what we are making a request or which service we are making the request to.
So that's pretty much it.
In addition to removing this password field and underscore underscore V, we should also do a little
bit of reformatting on that key of underscore ID as well, and we can definitely take care of this very
easily back inside of our signup request.
Handler So right here we could add in just a little bit of logic to just pull out, say, the email
and the ID, assign that ID property to a better key or something like that.
But there's really definitely a better way of handling this and making sure that we only have to worry
about this in one single location inside of our code base, rather than having to duplicate this ID
remapping logic and all that stuff inside of other root handlers like sign in or current user as well.
Now that we understand the issue, let's fix this up in just a moment.